Automated Garden System
------------------------------------------
James Maxwell, Lakshmi Nagulapati, Claire Choi
OMIS 137
------------------------------------------
 
User Manual:
 
1. Begin by clicking anywhere on the 6x6 grid and placing the plants you desire. 
 
	- Any tree-type plants must be within a one-tile range of an irrigation system to be watered everyday.
 
	- Any flower-type plants must be within a one-tile range of a sprinkler to be watered everyday.
 
Therefore, it is advantageous to place an irrigation system surrounded by trees and a sprinkler surrounded by flowers in order to maximize the use of garden space. 
 
If a tree is not watered for 21 days, it will die. 
If a flower is not watered for 7 days, it will die.
 
The background color will turn orange if a plant is not watered for 1/3 of its lifespan without water (e.g 7 days for trees), and red if it is still not watered after 2/3 of its non-water lifespan (e.g 14 days for trees).
 
The pest control system can be placed anywhere on the grid and will ensure that all plants are protected within the garden as long one is placed. 
 
 
 
2. Press "Begin Simulation" once you have placed your desired plants, watering systems, and pest control. 
 
Any plants that are within range of a watering system will be watered daily. If they are not within range, they will die depending on their plant type (21 days for trees, seven days for flowers).
 
Pests (between 2-4) will attack randomly (each day has a 1/15 chance of attack). The pests are represented by flies that land on the respective plants' tile. If a pest control system is present, pesticides will be deployed. Pests will die after three days of pesticide exposure.
 
If there is no pest control system present and pests attack, any plants that are infested for seven days will die. 
 
You are able to add plants while the simulation is running, but the ideal scenario would be to correctly place plants, watering systems, and a pest control system so that the simulation will run on its own not needing to continue adding new plants.
 
You are able to click on any plants and click "View Details" to view their plant type, current health status, days since water, and whether it is infested or not.
 
You are also able to remove any plants you do not desire by clicking on a plant and selecting "Remove". 


